update docs (#759)
huggingface/accelerate: docs/source/usage_guides/megatron_lm.mdx

Accelerate integrates following feature of Megatron-LM to enable large scale pre-training/finetuning
of BERT (Encoder), GPT (Decoder) or T5 models (Encoder and Decoder):

a. **Tensor Parallelism (TP)**: Reduces memory footprint without much additional communication on intra-node ranks.

> Each tensor are split into multiple chunks with each shard residing on separate GPU. At each step, same minimbatch of data is processed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each tensor is split into multiple chunks with each shard residing on separate GPU. At each step, the same mini-batch of data is processed
```

Model Parallelism](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08053.pdf) and 
this section of 🤗 blogpost [The Technology Behind BLOOM Training](https://huggingface.co/blog/bloom-megatron-deepspeed#tensor-parallelism).

b. **Pipeline Parallelism (PP)**: Reduces memory footprint and enables large scale training via inter-node parallelization. 
Reduces the bubble of naive PP via PipeDream-Flush schedule/1F1B schedule and Interleaved 1F1B schedule. 
Layers are distributed uniformly across PP stages. For example, if a model has `24` layers and we have `4` GPUs for
pipeline parallelism, each GPU will have `6` layers (24/4). For more details on schedules to reduce the idle time of PP,
please refer to the research paper [Efficient Large-Scale Language Model Training on GPU Clusters
Using Megatron-LM](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04473.pdf) and 
this section of 🤗 blogpost [The Technology Behind BLOOM Training](https://huggingface.co/blog/bloom-megatron-deepspeed#pipeline-parallelism).

c. **Sequence Parallelism (SP)**: Reduces memory footprint without any additional communication. Only applicable when using TP.

> It reduced activation memory required as it prevents same copies to be on the tensor parallel ranks 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It reduces activation memory required as it prevents the same copies to be on the tensor parallel ranks 
```

post `all-reduce` by replacing it with `reduce-scatter` and `no-op` operation would be replaced by `all-gather`. 
As `all-reduce = reduce-scatter + all-gather`, this saves a ton of activation memory at no added communication cost. 
To put it simply, it shards the outputs of each transformer layer along sequence dimension, e.g., 
if the sequence length is `1024` and the TP size is `4`, each GPU will have `256` tokens (1024/4) for each sample. 
This increases the batch size that can be supported for training. For more details, please refer to the research paper
[Reducing Activation Recomputation in Large Transformer Models](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05198.pdf). 

> d. **Data Parallelism (DP)** via Distributed Optimizer: Reduces memory footprint by sharding optimizer states and gradients across DP ranks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
d. **Data Parallelism (DP)** via Distributed Optimizer: Reduces the memory footprint by sharding optimizer states and gradients across DP ranks
```
